.TH SN 1 "April 2026" "servicenow-cli 0.3.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
sn \- command-line interface for ServiceNow
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sn
\fIdomain\fR \fIaction\fR [\fB--flag\fR \fIvalue\fR]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B sn
is a multi-instance command-line interface for ServiceNow, covering ticketing (incident, change, problem, request, ritm),
platform development (business-rule, client-script, ui-policy, ui-action, ui-script, script-include, widget, ui-page),
content management (kb, catalog, workflow, flow, rest-api), CMDB (ci), agile (story, epic, task, project),
and bulk operations (batch, aggregate, attachment, import-set).

Config lives at
\fB$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/servicenow-cli/config.json\fR
(default \fB~/.config/servicenow-cli/config.json\fR). Run
.B sn instance add
to create or extend it interactively.

.SH GLOBAL OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-i ", " \-\-instance " " \fIname\fR
Target a specific configured instance.
.TP
.BR \-o ", " \-\-output " " \fIformat\fR
Output format: json, table, csv, yaml. TTY default is table, pipe default is json.
.TP
.B \-\-config \fIpath\fR
Explicit config file.
.TP
.B \-\-fields \fIcsv\fR
Override columns in table/csv output.
.TP
.BR \-q ", " \-\-quiet
Suppress INFO/WARN log lines.
.TP
.B \-\-debug
Enable DEBUG logging.
.TP
.B \-\-no-color
Disable ANSI colors.

.SH WRITE-COMMAND OPTIONS
Create/update/delete commands additionally accept:
.TP
.B \-\-update-set \fIsys_id\fR
Override current update-set for this call.
.TP
.B \-\-scope \fIsys_id\fR
Override current scope for this call.
.TP
.B \-\-no-apply-state
Skip applying update-set/scope session state.

.SH EXIT CODES
.TP
.B 0
Success.
.TP
.B 1
Generic error.
.TP
.B 2
Config error.
.TP
.B 3
Auth error (HTTP 401).
.TP
.B 4
Not found (HTTP 404).
.TP
.B 5
Validation error (HTTP 400/409 or Zod).
.TP
.B 64
User cancelled.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
List active incidents:
.B sn incident list --state 2 --priority 1
.TP
Create an incident:
.B sn incident create --short-desc "Printer jam" --urgency 2
.TP
Pull a script include to a local file, edit, push:
.B sn script pull <sys_id>; $EDITOR sn-scripts/<file>; sn script push sn-scripts/<file>
.TP
Execute server-side script + wait for result:
.B sn run-script --code "gs.info('hi');" --wait 10
.TP
Aggregate incident counts by state:
.B sn aggregate incident count --group-by state
.TP
Upload an attachment:
.B sn attachment upload incident <sys_id> ./report.pdf

.SH COMPLETION
.TP
.B sn completion bash
Print bash completion script. Add to ~/.bashrc:
\fIeval "$(sn completion bash)"\fR
.TP
.B sn completion zsh
Print zsh completion script.
.TP
.B sn completion fish
Print fish completion script.

.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/.config/servicenow-cli/config.json
Main config file — instances, auth, output defaults.
.TP
.B ~/.config/servicenow-cli/state/<instance>.json
Per-instance sidecar — current update-set, current scope.
.TP
.B ./.sn-sync.json
Local script-sync manifest (created by
.BR "sn script pull" ).

.SH SEE ALSO
README and full command reference at https://github.com/seemsindie/servicenow-cli
